# KS19_Participant_App | Made for Kuruksastra 2019
To make it easy for all the participants to register themselves without standing in the long queue and get their IDs this app generates a QR code which can be at the venue to get their IDs. Both the participants & non-participants can view the events and schedules.

## About KS
If Kurukshetra was the greatest battle in Hindu mythology, Kuruksastra is the greatest battle of Southern India to establish proven talent and bring to the fore previously unheralded ones. A sublime melange of style and substance, glamour and colour, Kuruksastra, SASTRA's cultural bonanza consists of arts, music, literary events(English, Tamil and Hindi) and dance. Top Institutes from all over India turn up to give fierce competition to each other in the race to win the ultimate prize- the title of overall championship at Kuruksastra. The Pro show is the highlight of KS. Eminent artistes who can really set the stage on fire have been a permanent feature of our pro-nights. Stars like Shankar Mahadevan, Benny Dayal, Crazy Mohan and Naresh Iyer,among others, have always left enthusiastic crowds asking for more. In a short span of 4 years, KS has shown phenomenal response and is only going to get bigger this year. With the student group and support staff we have and going by the response that the fest has received, there is no looking back. It offers unlimited opportunities to talented students who are given the limelight to enthral the buzzing crowds with mind blowing performances. Enough reason for all of you to turn up in numbers and show the world what you are made of!
